`Monoid` update (#146)
learnyouahaskell/learnyouahaskell.github.io: source_md/functors-applicative-functors-and-monoids.md

`*` is associative, and so is `++`, but `-`, for example, is not.
The expressions `(5 - 3) - 4` and `5 - (3 - 4)` result in different numbers.

By noticing and writing down these properties, we have chanced upon *semigroups* and *monoids*!

> A semigroup is when you have an associative binary function, and a monoid is when you also have a value which acts as an identity with respect to that function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A semigroup is when you have an associative binary function, and a monoid is when you have a semigroup and a value that acts as an identity with respect to that function.
```

Reviewer: Having just "also" there doesn't pull the weight I feel. It's important to be crystal clear about this hierarchy.

Author: The "that function" reference feels broken, that way.

Maybe a total rewrite?

```suggestion
When you have an associative binary function, we call that a semigroup.
And if you also have a value that acts as an identity with respect to that function, then we call it a monoid instead.
```

( The 'instead' is there to make clear that it is the whole that is called the 'monoid', not just the identity element by itself. )

When something acts as an identity with respect to a function, it means that when called with that function and some other value, the result is always equal to that other value.
`1` is the identity with respect to `*` and `[]` is the identity with respect to `++`.

> There are a lot of other monoids and semigroups to be found in the world of Haskell, which is why the `Monoid` and `Semigroup` type classes exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a lot of other monoids and semigroups to be found in the world of Haskell, which is why the respective type classes (`Semigroup` and `Monoid`) exist.
```
would read a little cleaner I feel.

Author: I would agree, if this weren't the first time these classes were named/mentioned.

> It's for types which can act like monoids and semigroups.

Reviewer: The ordering in "monoids and semigroups" is a bit confusing, I feel, because semigroups come first in the sense that any monoid is a semigroup as well. But maybe it's not a big deal. Just in case, I add a suggestion but it's up to you whether to acccept it.
```suggestion
It's for types which can act like semigroups and monoids.
```

Author: I do not expect the reader's intuition to be clear on this yet, at this point in the text, so I do not expect a problem.

If these two words are to be swapped, I think the preceding two occurrences should be swapped as well, to preserve the 'rhythm'.

Currently the 'most important' of the two comes first, in these two sentences, somewhat in agreement with the title of this section.

> With `Ordering`, we have to look a bit harder to recognize a monoid, but it turns out that its `Monoid` instance is just as intuitive as the ones we've met so far and also quite useful:

Reviewer: I'd prefer the current version (explicitly mentioning just Monoid).
